Update cloud-soar-bridge.md (#3105)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cloud-soar/cloud-soar-bridge.md

   systemctl restart docker
   ```

## Get installation token

> Login to Sumo Logic and create a new [installation token](/docs/manage/security/installation-tokens/) with name prefix `csoar-bridge-token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to Sumo Logic and create a new [installation token](/docs/manage/security/installation-tokens/) with the name prefix `csoar-bridge-token`.
```
